hello everyone welcome to movieverse
today we're gonna talk about a science
fiction movie titled midnight special
watch out for some spoilers ahead
the glow of the television illuminates
the otherwise dark room
on the news the story of a missing boy
named alton meyer last seen with a man
named roy traveling in a primer gray
chevelle
lucas pulls back duct tape covering the
peephole in the door and sees that it's
night
he tells roy that it's time to go
they gather alton who's reading a comic
book underneath a bed sheet he's wearing
headphones and dark and swim goggles
they exit the room
the front desk clerk of the motel
watches as the peculiar threesome get
into a chevelle the news is on in the
motel office too
she picks up the phone as the chevelle
drives away
elsewhere calvin meyer tells doke that
he must get the boy back no matter what
they exit the room and we see they're on
the altar of a large congregation of
religious followers
he starts reading scripture which sounds
more like a series of dates and numbers
the fbi raids the church they gather up
the members of the congregation into
school buses and take them away
through their police scanner roy and
lucas discover the authorities have a
description of their vehicle
lucas puts on night vision goggles turns
off the headlines and speeds through the
darkness
after three counties roy tells him to
turn the lights back on and slow down
as lucas does their car narrowly misses
a stalled car in the middle of the road
however a vehicle heading in the
opposite direction isn't as lucky and
crashes into the stalled car
lucas stops gets out and checks on the
driver
as he does a state trooper pulls up
the trooper is about to assist when he
gets a message on his radio about the
chevelle
lucas pulls his own gun and tells the
trooper not to do it
too late
the trooper pulls his weapon so lucas
shoots gets back in the chevelle and off
they go
roy assures lucas that the trooper was
wearing a vest
the fbi questions the members of the
congregation about the large collection
of weapons they've started to amass
calvin says it's still currently legal
to own guns in this country
we also find out that calvin meyer is
alton's adopted father
roy is his biological father nsa agent
paul sevier arrives and questions the
congregation to
he asks about alton's powers
kelvin tells him that he speaks in
tongues and has given the church a
series of numbers
it turns out those numbers are
classified government information
they also talk about the light alton has
in his eyes
sevier lets everyone return to their
church
doke and levi gather a secret stash of
weapons and head out after alton
lucas and alton get to the home of a
former congregation member named eldon
he hides them and already has a darkened
room for alton to sleep
in the morning the entire house is
rumbling like there's an earthquake
roy runs into alton's room and sees
eldon staring in the bright light
shooting out of alton's eyes
they pull elden away and get the goggles
back on alton
eldon explains that he just had to see
it one more time
roy pulls his gun on eldon and tells him
that he has to do this because the man
knows too much
he begs roy to spare him
lucas takes the man's car and gathers
alton
alton reads comic books in the back of
eldon's stolen utility van and asks
questions about superman and kryptonite
roy admonishes lucas for letting him
read that
lucas defends his decision by saying
that it's good to read
roy doesn't want alton reading stuff
that isn't real
we get the sense that before all this
lucas wasn't a member of the meyer
family like roy was
alton starts speaking in spanish
lucas is surprised he can do that
roy says he can in turns on the radio
it turns out that alton is reciting what
a dj is saying on a spanish-speaking
radio station even though the radio
wasn't even turned on
roy was able to determine that the
numbers alton was saying to the church
were coordinates with a corresponding
date he needs to get him to those
coordinates by that day a few days from
now
they end up at a gas station
lucas goes inside to get supplies
roy makes a phone call and tells alton
to stay in the van
roy tells the person on the phone that
he misses them and will see them in a
few hours
something above catches alton's
attention and he gets out and wanders
away to the edge of the parking lot
roy runs over and alton apologizes and
points to the sky
fiery debris rains from the sky onto the
gas station
lucas and roy take alton get in the van
and drive away as the gas station
explodes behind them
they go to the home of sarah she's
alton's mom and concern that he's not
looking too well
she puts him to sleep
rejoining sevier and agent miller from
the fbi at the aftermath of the gas
station we find out that a defense
satellite in charge of stopping nuclear
weapons exploded and crashed at the gas
station
there's a heat reading comparable to a
nuclear bomb where alton was standing
when the satellite exploded but there
isn't any radiation present at the site
they determined they can program a drone
to track that exact same reading so next
time alton superpowers flare they can
figure out where he is
on the tv the official report is that a
weather satellite crashed
lucas works on rigging up sarah's car
with some equipment while she makes
small talk
we find out that lucas was a childhood
friend of roy's before he left to join
calvin's cult his job before all of this
he was also a state trooper
sarah couldn't handle seeing calvin
raise her child so she left the cult roy
bravely stayed behind to keep an eye on
alton
dokes and levi go to sarah's house and
find eldon's van
then they go to eldon's house and find
him alive
roy couldn't kill him after all
they ask where the heroes are headed
our heroes drive and suddenly alton has
difficulty breathing
they pull over and try to help him
lucas insists they should go to the
hospital but roy says they can
if they do they won't be able to get to
the coordinates
light shoots out of alton's eyes and he
can't control it they take him out of
the car
the grass around him starts to die
he recovers and tells sarah and lucas to
go
he points to a distant light in the sky
the government knows where they are
roy and alton flee into the woods and
find a cave
alton tells roy that he needs to be
outside in the daytime
roy says that could harm him
alton says that roy needs to trust him
severe decodes the numbers from calvin's
sermons
they're a series of coordinates with
corresponding dates
some line up to stuff like where the
state trooper was shot and where the gas
station explosion happened
others are just government secrets
putting the government numbers aside
xavier is able to find out where our
heroes are headed next
in the morning they wait in the field
until the sunrise
alton's eyes flash light the ground
shake and the earth split apart under
their feet then a burst of energy field
rose out around them
later they show up at a motel room where
sarah and lucas are waiting alton isn't
wearing his goggles and is looking much
better healed by the sun
roy says that alton was able to show him
a glimpse of where he needs to be alton
explains that he belongs with people who
live on a plane of existence that's
parallel to ours but different from ours
he shows lucas that plays through the
lights in his eyes
lucas now believes
lucas puts on his kevlar vest and goes
out to get their car
as soon as he opens the door he's shot
by dokes and levi
roy grabs his gun and exits the room too
but he's shot in the neck
dokes and levi break in the room and
take alton they zip to lucas ray and
sarah and drive away
sarah breaks free and rescues the other
two
they head off after the kidnappers but
the trip is short they're stuck in the
traffic of a military roadblock
ray goes off-road to get to the front
and there they see a military helicopter
flying away from doakes pickup
inside the open truck the blanket that
dokes use to cover alton's head
it's over
at a military compound a group of
military leaders and scientists try to
talk to alton
he could be a valuable asset
he says that he'll talk to savior and
only to savior so everyone else leaves
using telekinetic powers alton is able
to make it so the security cameras
aren't recording the actual present
events
he telekinetically opens the door which
imprisons him
sevier sheepishly goes inside to talk to
alton
alton shows him his light in the middle
of nowhere roy is devastated that he
failed
then all the nearby pay phones start
ringing at once
he picks up
on the other end savior tells him that
he is alton and tells roy where they can
meet
alton magically helps sev steal a car
in the morning sevier turns over alton
to roy and sarah he handcuffs himself
with lucas cuffs and asks if lucas would
be willing to punch him which lucas has
no interest in doing
alton tells roy that there's one route
they can go to get through the
government roadblocks keeping them from
their final destination
roy and sarah also come to terms with
the fact that alton might not belong
with them after all and that once they
get there it's goodbye
they drive through a small military
blockade on a country road alton and
sarah get out of the car and run through
swampland
roy and lucas keep the military occupied
while driving in sarah's car
as if by magic a dome appears around
alton that takes up a good third of the
united states
everywhere everyone sees this magical
world where alton belongs
all of the beings that inhabit that
world are made of light that comes from
their hands and eyes kind of like an
evolved version of alton
lucas and roy's car crashes
alton and sarah share a goodbye glance
and then as suddenly as everything
appeared it along with alton disappear
the film ends with lucas is being
questioned by the government
his incredible story is the only story
he has to tell
sarah cuts her hair in a scummy bathroom
clearly on the run
roy is in a prison
he has electrodes on his head and stairs
into the sun his eyes magically
illuminate like a lesser version of
alton's
subscribe to watch more videos like this
turn on the notification and leave a
like has really helped the channel out